Q-> 1 What is Truffle?
Ans -> Truffle is development framework for dapps . Truffle helps in writing smart contracts , testing smart contracts , compiling them and also deploying them on live or on Etherium 
       test networks. It is bigginer friendly tool for web3 developers . It also provide Truffle boxes that conatain some of the pre wrtitten boilerplate code for better understandig 
       of its working . 


Q -> 2 What is Ganache?
Ans ->  Ganche helps us to create personal blockchain on our local computer . it provide a local environment to deploy , test and debug Etherium contracts without interacting with the 
        main Etherium network. It is a usefull tool for dapps testing without costing any gas fee . 


Q -> 3 Demonstrate the installation process of Truffle suite and display the current version of Truffle installed in your computer.
Ans -> To install Truffle suit in our computer we can use following steps and commands : 
        
         step 1 : 
                  you must have node package manager in your computer to confirm it you can run the following command :
                         `npm --version `
                         by hitting this command you will get npm version in my case it is 9.3.1 


        step 2 :
                Now to install Truffle suit you can run the following command in your computer :
                     ` npm install truffle -g  ` 
                     after some time truffle suit will be successfully intalled on your computer . 
                
                NOTE : This output is also shown in the "Q3.png" file atteched in this repository. 

        step 3 : 
                Now to display the current version of Truffle version hit the following command :
                    ` truffle version `

                    The output will be something like : `$ truffle version
                                                           Truffle v5.11.5 (core: 5.11.5)
                                                           Ganache v7.9.1
                                                           Solidity v0.5.16 (solc-js)
                                                           Node v18.14.1
                                                           Web3.js v1.10.0`

                   NOTE : this output is also shown in "Q3-version.png" file .


       